>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's go ahead and
write out our ESLint plugin.
When you write a plugin for ESLint,
you're generally spending as much
time in AST Explorer as you can.
And so, actually, I often won't
even use any third party modules
in my plugins until the very, very end
because I can't use those in AST Explorer.
So sometimes I'll even
copy the module source and
put it at the bottom of my
plug-in in AST Explorer so
that I can do most of my development here,
cuz it's just that nice of an experience.
But it's all trade-off, so
here we're gonna find the offending
nodes and this log is fine.
But these consoles are not and
the common thing across these is that
they're identifiers with the name console.
So we're going to use
the identifier visitor and
we'll accept a node here and
we'll say if (node.name
console I== 'console'),
then we'll exit early, this node is fine.
Otherwise we're gonna use context to
report that our node has a problem,
and now we're getting an undefined
error message on all those.
So, we'll say the message is
'Using console is not allowed'.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And so we're getting all
of those error messages, which is great.
So I'll copy that and paste it in here.
We'll save and we get passing test,
so we're good.
And then we do this elaboration and
feedback and change this to true.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And then we have
all passing tests, which is great.
Any questions?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Did
anybody struggle with this?
Was there any, what were the points
that tripped you up, aside from typos?
>> Speaker 2: Which node type to use, or
I use like call or express or something.
I had to have conditions of if
there was an object or something.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I
started at too high of a level.
I didn't think of it as
just using an identifier.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, yeah and
eventually we're going to get to that
because we don't want to warn on that.
I mean, maybe that's a problem for us, but
honestly we're not doing
anything wrong there.
Even this, it should be fine and
so using something like a call expression
ultimately would be a better solution.
And we're gonna iterate and
make this solution better.
So yeah, knowing which node
type to use can be a challenge.
I'm glad that you brought that up, because
generally you kind of want to start
at a higher level node type just so that
you have all of the context that you need.
But the nice thing is,
once you get your node you can go up and
down the tree yourself and
we will definitely be doing that.
What were some of the key take-aways that
you talked about in your elaboration?
There hopefully was at least one.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Do you want us to do that
for every exercise?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah,
we'll do one of these for every exercise.
Yep.
So any key takeaways from this exercise?
Anything that you learned.
>> Speaker 4: Identifier as a node type.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah,
that's something to learn.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Identifier's a node
type, it's one that you'll
get to know very much.